README.md, before:

# βarrens

> Location-based chat application. Click [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4f_3QM4cEVg&feature=youtu.be) for a video demonstration.

## Team 

  - Henri Pietila (@HenriPro)
  - Priyanka Shah (@Priyankacodes)
  - Shi-Hao Hong (@shihaohong)

## Original Contributors

  - Mason Raasch (@man-of-seafood)
  - Arthur Liou (@artliou)
  - Brian Wong (@bwong858)

  Original Repo: https://github.com/Greenfield-Barrens/greenfield-barrens

## Table of Contents

1. [Usage](#Usage)
2. [Requirements](#requirements)
3. [Development](#development)
    1. [Installing Dependencies](#installing-dependencies)
    2. [Tasks](#tasks)
4. [Contributing](#contributing)

## Usage

> Some usage instructions

## Requirements

- Node 7.10.x
- Postgresql 6.4.x
- Webpack 3.0.x

## Development

### Installing Dependencies

From within the root directory:

`yarn install` or `npm i`

### Tasks

There is still an issue with images not persisting and duplicate messages displaying after sending a message due to a bug with Socket.io implementation

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for contribution guidelines.

Commit message:

added usage section on readme

README.md, after:

# βarrens

> Location-based chat application. Click [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4f_3QM4cEVg&feature=youtu.be) for a video demonstration.

## Team 

  - Henri Pietila (@HenriPro)
  - Priyanka Shah (@Priyankacodes)
  - Shi-Hao Hong (@shihaohong)

## Original Contributors

  - Mason Raasch (@man-of-seafood)
  - Arthur Liou (@artliou)
  - Brian Wong (@bwong858)

  Original Repo: https://github.com/Greenfield-Barrens/greenfield-barrens

## Table of Contents

1. [Usage](#Usage)
2. [Requirements](#requirements)
3. [Development](#development)
    1. [Installing Dependencies](#installing-dependencies)
    2. [Tasks](#tasks)
4. [Contributing](#contributing)

## Usage

> To use the application, you first log onto your account on the top right of the page. From there, you can join an existing group, or create your own based on region and size. After that, you are free to chat with other members in the group!

## Requirements

- Node 7.10.x
- Postgresql 6.4.x
- Webpack 3.0.x

## Development

### Installing Dependencies

From within the root directory:

`yarn install` or `npm i`

### Tasks

There is still an issue with images not persisting and duplicate messages displaying after sending a message due to a bug with Socket.io implementation

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for contribution guidelines.
